Fixes for reproducible charms (bugs 606, 605, 603) (#607)
juju/charm-tools: docs/reproducible-charms.rst

If the ``--ignore-lock-file`` option is used, then the charm is built as though
there is no lock file.

If the ``--use-lock-file-branches`` is used, then, for Python modules specified
using a VCS string), the branch (if there was one) will be used, rather than
the commit version.  This can be used to track a branch in a Python module.

Note: as an individual commit be in multiple branches it's not possible to

> detect the branch for a layer.  Thus, this must be overriden manuall in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
detect the branch for a layer.  Thus, this must be overridden manually in the
```
